Conga Composer uses SOQL Queries to pull data into a merge.  To build a Conga Solution for an Address Labels merge, we need to gather a spreadsheet of every Household that meets our criteria.

You will likely need to edit the filters on these SOQL queries to meet the specific filters and data model of your org.  I recommend making these edits in a free program called Workbench.

In Comga Composer, you are required to give your dataset a name when you assign a SOQL Query record to a Conga Composer solution.  If you plan to use the template provided, name your dataset "LabelMerge".  Otherwise, name it whatever you want and update the value immediately preceding "TableStart" and "TableEnd" in the template provided.

Per instructions here https://documentation.conga.com/composer/latest/how-to-create-a-conga-global-merge-solution-158340479.html, when you add your SOQL query to the Conga Composer solution, click "Advanced Configuration" and enter "+" in the field for pv0.

Use Cases:
1. All Households with a Donation This Month
- This is useful for sending Thank You letters

2. All Accounts (Households or Organizations) with a Payment This Month
- This is useful for sending Thank You letters if you use the Payment data model (one Opportunity represents multiple payments, you want to send an acknowledgement just at the "Payment" level)

3. All Contacts included in a Campaign
- This is useful for sending Thank You letters or sending invitations to guests from previous events for the next planned event (ie annual fundraising gala)

1. 
SELECT Id, Name, Account.npo02__Formal_Greeting__c, Account.BillingStreet, Account.BillingCity, Account.BillingState, Account.BillingPostalCode from Opportunity where CloseDate = This_Year

2.
SELECT Id, Name, npe01__Opportunity__r.Account.npo02__Formal_Greeting__c, npe01__Opportunity__r.Account.BillingStreet, npe01__Opportunity__r.Account.BillingCity, npe01__Opportunity__r.Account.BillingState, npe01__Opportunity__r.Account.BillingPostalCode from npe01__OppPayment__c where npe01__Opportunity__r.CloseDate = This_Year

3. SELECT Id, Name, Contact.Account.BillingStreet, Contact.Account.BillingCity, Contact.Account.BillingState, Contact.Account.BillingPostalCode from CampaignMember where Campaign.EndDate = This_Year